What are three key questions to uncover risks in this project?

1. Review the project background document:
    Listed risks and questions in tablet
2. Explore the Bling-R-Us website
    Listed behaviors, features, and gaps in tablet
3. Develop three questions
    a. What is the current market before expanding internationally?
        - I don't see a way to remove my data from storage, because there is no profile settings or account management 
        from a customer's perspective
        - Is GDPR for companies different for that of individuals, like how VAT requirements are treated?
    b. How can we standardize the inconsistencies in the complex pricing model to be correct with the requirements 
    document and reduce the number of billing complaints?
        - FAQ is hard to read, which may open opportunities for higher rate of complaints, and the complaint process is 
        also not clear
    c. Where and when is the invoice sent?
        - Upon completion of the order, I was not given an order number to reference and the invoice never came to my 
        email address
4. Document your questions and rationale
    a. There is a risk to being non-compliant with GDPR regulations, depending on where the current market resides. It 
    would help the team to comply with legal requirements and not get a fine.
    b. The pricing model and explaination of the model in the FAQ is inconsistent with the requirements document in 
    multiple places. This could cause customers to open more complaints, and the complaints procedure is also hard to follow 
    from a customer point of view. There is a risk of losing new and existing loyal customers which is a business risk to the client.
    c. In the FAQ, it states an order number (not an order date, like the requirements state) is required for defects. If 
    no invoice is generated and given to the customer, how can they find this information? It is not displayed on completion 
    of the order either. This would help the team close the communication gap and keep customers happy.