Task Steps:

1. Research and gather information
2. Take brief notes
3. Create your own definition

Step 1 - gather two or more definitions

"It's when we hunt information, using the application, its interfaces and all existing information 
as our external imagination to go even deeper in empirical understanding of what is true and what is 
an illusion. It involves a person or multiple people, using programming to get to places in time, but 
it is all framed in this quest of someone learning what more we could try knowing.” 
— Maaret Pyhäjärvi 

and

“Comparing models of system with observed interactions of the system for the purpose of evaluating the 
comparison and refining the model”
— Alan Richardson

Step 2 - take notes to identify similarities and differences, with themes and my preferences

Maaret's definition focuses on exploration, while Alan's focuses on comparison. 

Maaret's is good for looking at new systems and exploring unknown unknowns.
I like that she talks about what is true and what is an illusion, as though our personal biases 
and assumptions are potential illusions.
Also like that she describes it as a quest, which is a cool reminder of Jenna's Test Charter talk about
Testing Treasure Maps. 
Makes it sound more fun than just evaluation of a piece of software.

Alan's is good for when you have a basis or personal experience to compare against.
He talks about the models as our expectations (or illusions from Maaret's definition) and comparing it
against the actual measurable behavior of a system in order to evaluate that system.
You don't necessarily need to have experienced everything about software to use this model.
You just need to have a clear expectation in mind to analyze against.
This definition is more clinical, but infers a level of competence to know what to look for.
This is a better definition for contexts where there are known unknowns.

Step 3 - my definition

Software testing is a process of determining knowns and unknowns. 
Once those pieces of information are determined, that knowledge is shared with the appropriate recipients 
to shape a picture of the qualities of the system under test.
