Heuristics

Mini activity: Find some software to apply the Goldilocks heuristic to and write up 3 test cases using the style above to add to your testing portfolio.

    Comment text field has a requirement of at least 5 characters for submission, and a maximum of 100 characters
    Less than 5 - prompt to enter more
    Between 5 and 100 - accepted and submitted
    Paste the entirety of Alice in Wonderland - only allows entering 100 characters and prompts character limit reached

One Zero Many
Example: A retail website search could return no (zero) results, one result or many results. What does each page look like in these three scenarios?

    Test case 1: display a message that no matches were found for that search term
    Test case 2: display the search term and the single match
    Test case 3: display a paginated list of possible matches, sorted by closest match first

Mnemonics

Either trigger or recall an error message in software. Apply the mnemonic based on the information you have available and capture it for your portfolio.
    Log in to MoT account with username without populating password
    Functional: Not automatically detected, user must click submit first instead of the submission field greyed out until appropriate populations are provided
    Appropriate: Error displayed to the user upon submission
    Impact: Could have just greyed out the sign in button until password was entered
    Log: Sign in form displays a 200 Post in the network tab, even though sign in was not completed. A curl command buried in the Network tab shows there was a length of 0 submitted.
        Error in Console:
        Uncaught (in promise) Error: A listener indicated an asynchronous response by returning true, but the message channel closed before a response was received
    User Interface: Shows invalid Login or password instead of invalid username or password, so unclear what the issue is
    Recovery: User can try again instantly
    Emotions: The lack of clear direction from the error message makes me feel unsure, which increases the stress

Oracles

Those listed in the text are just a few examples of where you can take oracles from. Why not spend some time researching them for yourself as well as considering what oracles you use in making everyday decisions? 
    I often use oracles when making decisions. If I have experience with a problem, I think back on what went wrong before and make a different choice. If it is something I have never experienced, I go to my network and ask around for help. Otherwise, I do google searches and look for other people's resources.
