Activity: Use the 5Ws and H Framework to Challenge Assumptions

Task Steps:

1. Identify an assumption:
    Reflect on a recent task, either in testing or daily life, where you made a decision quickly, and things didn’t go as expected. What assumption might have led to the poor outcome?

2. Challenge your assumptions using thought techniques:
    Now, use the 5Ws and H (Who, What, When, Where, Why, and How) framework to think more critically about your assumption:
    Who was affected by this assumption, and could thinking from their perspective have helped?
    What was the assumption you made?
    When did you make this assumption, and did the timing or time pressure affect the outcome?
    Where did this assumption come from (your past experiences, habits, unconscious biases etc.)?
    In answering the previous questions, can you determine why you made this assumption?
    How could you prevent this from happening again? What steps could you take to improve your process or thinking?

3. Summarise your thoughts
    Now you’ve identified an assumption and used a thought technique to challenge it, summarise your findings. Write your summary in your portfolio. Consider discussing how the thought technique helped you reconsider your approach to the task and improve your thinking. Consider how this might influence your future testing approach and decision-making and how you'll handle assumptions moving forward.

1. I wanted to meet my boyfriend at the airport when he landed to visit me. I assumed the train would get me there on time, but when I checked the travel arrangements, the timetables were too restrictive to arrive on time. I would be an hour late. Thank goodness I checked the train schedules without buses afterwards, and found I could walk to the station and take any train I wanted to arrive on time.

2. Who - my boyfriend would be disappointed that I didn't meet him, and I would be sad to miss his arrival
    What - I made the assumption that buses would be running to the train station, but the weekend timetable was restrictive
    When - I checked the day before he came
    Where - my past travel experiences
    Why - because I am used to many buses running
    How - if I don't find a travel plan that I like, try simplifying the steps to see more options

3. Summary:
    I made the assumption that the travel planner would show me all options from beginning to end. However, when I put too many steps in, it only showed me options that included every step. In order to see more options in the future, I should simplify my searches to only the necessary parameters. And not assume buses will always be running lol